Hello my subscribers are channel guests
today at your attention another
review of applications and games on samsung galaxy
From today's review will be such games
as
the game of green outfit acts a runaway burger and
quiz app literacy and ignore
on diplomas pretty good application
it gives you the opportunity to check your
your knowledge of words and spelling principle
click hail you can play together
by oneself
give more interesting simply because
what can you find out from whom what grade
put up on a five-point system here
for example the words antiperspirant not even
I will try January here
do not remember correctly how it is written well
that's how it is spelled correctly put
where is right wrong so 19
answer choices sometimes it happens
one of them is not true so you need a very
watch very carefully think time
do not limit i understood therefore here by
health records up to four
plus it is very, very long tried
so that well, as if the words themselves were not
very difficult if the words will be difficult
of course it will be very difficult to even 3 points
so on this probably finish
conjugation is interesting what is only
play market so next
not even ferment and the game is crazy
grandmother who jumps as if
trying to escape here does not mean us
they say
one bird to escape the fact that something to me
not so for sure
Stuffing is necessary again and again the question is necessary
again like this if I'm not mistaken
maximum record he was one hundred percent
there is a percentage and
it was very difficult it was possible if that
play on a level that's how many there are
levels
if the principle is to adapt, I think
it will be very very well
the strings flew by
here in principle only on motor skills and on
reaction game
the last is a burger toy too
principle is pretty not intricate
so or
question if the menu jim career here
you need to go through training as a training
you see
you need to make a burger for you
see better
ready grandfather and with every level
more important harder so exactly what you need
reactor motility first search it
still subscriber then she already
stick to be highlighted so here now
wrote highlight and honestly
trained bangs will mines do
press you can see for yourself what game
process in principle if so a little bit
play go to workout further
it will be interesting that it will be possible
I think the records here are also for you by
record all worth it so much burger for
pastry burger games
this would be the third application
today Negro feast thanks to all that
subscribe to my channel is almost
400 followers will soon be whiter
Well, for two years, I think all the same already
achieved something subscribe if
if you want the next release
Reviews bring back well any reviews or games
or the phone came out on friday then under this
Video should be at least 10 likes
then I will have more incentives and if
you have not forgotten I spend live broadcasts
on the game world of tanks
the link will be under the video at 34, go
also
click explore and we will play
together we can build
ride will be very, very fun yet
thanks again for subscribing to my
channel write good comments yet
only good bye bye